Q1)  If a circuit has asynchronous set does it means it is asynchronous sequential circuit ? 
For example : Rising Edhe D Flip Flop with Asynchronous Reset High
Ans: Not necessarily. The presence of an asynchronous set input does not necessarily mean that a circuit is an asynchronous sequential circuit.

An asynchronous set input is used to set the output of a flip-flop to a specific state regardless of the clock input. When the set input is asserted, 
the output of the flip-flop is set to a logic high state. The set input is usually accompanied by a reset input, 
which sets the output of the flip-flop to a logic low state.

A circuit can have an asynchronous set input and still be a synchronous sequential circuit if it uses clocked flip-flops for its state elements.
In this case, the asynchronous set input is simply an additional input to the flip-flop that allows the output to be set to a specific state at any time, 
even when the clock input is low.

On the other hand, an asynchronous sequential circuit is a digital circuit that uses feedback to create a memory element and is not synchronized 
to a common clock signal. The output of an asynchronous sequential circuit depends on the history of its inputs and the order in which they were received, 
as well as the internal state of the circuit. Asynchronous sequential circuits are generally more difficult to design and analyze than synchronous circuits 
because their behavior is not predictable based on a fixed timing sequence.

Q2) Synchronous Reset high D flip flop vs Asynchronous Reset High for a rising edge D Flip Flop ?
Ans : Synchronous Reset High D Flip Flop and Asynchronous Reset High D Flip Flop are two different types of flip-flops that differ in their reset behavior.

Synchronous Reset High D Flip Flop: In a synchronous reset high D flip-flop, the reset input is synchronized with the clock signal,
and the flip-flop will be reset to the logic 0 state only on the clock edge when the reset input is asserted. This means that the output
of the flip-flop will not change immediately when the reset input is asserted, but rather it will be reset to the logic 0 state at the next clock edge.

Asynchronous Reset High D Flip Flop: In an asynchronous reset high D flip-flop, the reset input is not synchronized with the clock signal,
and the flip-flop will be reset to the logic 0 state immediately when the reset input is asserted. This means that the output of the flip-flop
will change as soon as the reset input is asserted, regardless of the timing of the clock signal.

The main difference between these two types of flip-flops is in their response time to the reset input. The synchronous reset high
D flip-flop ensures that the flip-flop output is reset only at a specific time, when the clock signal is in a particular state, 
whereas the asynchronous reset high D flip-flop resets the output immediately, irrespective of the clock state.

In general, synchronous reset high D flip-flops are preferred over asynchronous reset high D flip-flops because they are more robust
to noise and provide a more predictable timing behavior. However, asynchronous reset high D flip-flops are useful in some applications 
where the timing constraints are not as critical, and immediate reset of the flip-flop is desired.
